README.md, before:

# VeroRoute-Custom-Components (This README is currently under update)
A library for cusotm boards and components for veroroute. This is a public repo for compnents used by makers hobbyists,etc for quick prototyping, etc. Most of the  stuff here is made by me for personal projects.

Files and software for Veroroute are [HERE](https://sourceforge.net/projects/veroroute/)

## Above and below compoents:
When space is an issue, one may want to design a board with compoents below the perfboard. Some components have been added for the same. However, routing and component placement, within the board's footprint must be done at one's own common sense.

Example: The ESP32 cam could be used over or under the perfboard
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/ESP32%20CAM/ESP32%20CAM%20Vrt%20Preview.PNG" width ="400">
</p>

## Currently Avialable Modules

|            Boards           | Physical Part | VeroRoute Component    | Pinout  | Comments | Purchase Link |
|:---------------------------:|---------------|------------------------|---------|----------|---------------|
| Arduino Nano                | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/Arduino%20Nano/Arduino%20Nano%20Image.png" width="200"> | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/Arduino%20Nano/Arduino%20Nano%20Vrt%20Preview.PNG" width=200> | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/Arduino%20Nano/Arduino%20Nano%20Pinout.png" width="200"> | No Comments | LINK |
| ESP32 CAM Module | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/ESP32%20CAM/ESP32%20CAM%20Image.png" width="200"> | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/ESP32%20CAM/ESP32%20CAM%20Vrt%20Preview.PNG" width=200> | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/ESP32%20CAM/ESP32%20CAM%20Pinout.png" width="200"> | No Comments| LINK |
| ESP32 NodeMCU (38-Pin version) | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/ESP32%20NodeMCU/ESP32%20NodeMCU%20Image.png" width="200"> | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/ESP32%20NodeMCU/ESP32%20NodeMCU%20Vrt%20Preview.PNG" width="200"> | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/ESP32%20NodeMCU/ESP32%20NodeMCU%20Pinout.png" width="200"> | No Comments | LINK |
| TP4560 battery charger module | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/TP4560%20BMS/TP4560%20Image.png" width="200"> | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/TP4560%20BMS/TP4560%20VRT%20Preview.PNG" width="200"> | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/TP4560%20BMS/TP4560%20general%20usage.png" width="200"> |No Comments | LINK |
|OV7670 Camera Module| <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/OV7670%20Camera/OV7670%20Camera%20Image.png" width="200"> | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/OV7670%20Camera/OV7670%20Camera%20Vrt%20Preview.PNG" width="200"> | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/OV7670%20Camera/OV7670%20Camera%20Pinout.png" width="200"> | No Comments | LINK |
| HC-05 Bluetooth Module | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/HC-05%20Bluetooth%20Module/HC-05%20BT%20Module%20Image.png" width="200"> | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/HC-05%20Bluetooth%20Module/HC-05%20BT%20Module%20Vrt%20Preview.PNG" width="200"> | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/HC-05%20Bluetooth%20Module/HC-05%20BT%20Module%20Pinout.png" width="200"> | No Comments | LINK |
| BMP-180 (GY-68) | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/BMP-180%20GY-68/BMP-180%20GY-68%20Image.png" width="200"> | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/BMP-180%20GY-68/BMP-180%20GY-68%20Vrt%20Preview.PNG" width="200"> | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/BMP-180%20GY-68/BMP-180%20GY-68%20Pinout.jpg" width="200"> | No Comments | LINK |
| MPU 6050 | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/MPU%206050/MPU%206050%20Image.png" width="200"> | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/MPU%206050/MPU%206050%20Vrt%20Preview.PNG" width="200"> | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/MPU%206050/MPU%206050%20Pinout.png" width="200"> | No Comments | LINK |
| MPU 9250 | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/MPU%209250/MPU%209250%20Image.png" width="200"> | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/MPU%209250/MPU%209250%20Vrt%20Preview.PNG" width="200"> | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/MPU%209250/MPU%209250%20Pinout.jpg" width="200"> | No Comments | LINK |
| Neo 6M GPS Module | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/Neo%206M%20GPS%20Module/Neo%206m%20GPS%20Module%20Image.png" width="200"> | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/Neo%206M%20GPS%20Module/Neo%206m%20GPS%20Module%20Vrt%20Preview.PNG" width="200"> | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/Neo%206M%20GPS%20Module/Neo%206m%20GPS%20Module%20Pinout.png" width="200"> | No Comments | LINK |

<!--  <img src="" width="200">  -->


## Currently Avialable Components

|      Components      | Physical Part | VeroRoute Component    | Comments | Purchase Link |
|:--------------------:|---------------|------------------------|----------|---------------|
| JST Connector       | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/2%20Pin%20JST%20Connector/2%20Pin%20JST%20Connector%20Image.png" width="200"> | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/2%20Pin%20JST%20Connector/2%20Pin%20JST%20Connector%20Vrt%20Preview.PNG" width=200> | No Comments | LINK |
| Dual SPDT Switch | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/Dual%20SPDT%20self-locking%20switch/Dual%20SPDT%20switch%20Image.PNG" width="200"> | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/Dual%20SPDT%20self-locking%20switch/Dual%20SPDT%20switch%20Vrt%20Preview.PNG" width=200> | No Comments | LINK |
| 9V Battery footprint | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/9V%20Battery/9V%20Battery%20Image.png" width="200"> | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/9V%20Battery/9V%20Battery%20Vrt%20Preview.PNG" width="200"> | No Comments | LINK |
| Voltmeter-Ammeter | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/Voltmeter-Ammeter/Voltmeter-Ammerter%20Image.png" width="200"> | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/Voltmeter-Ammeter/Voltmeter-Ammerter%20Vrt%20Preview.PNG" width="200"> | No Comments | LINK |

## Contributing

Create pull requests and issues for better and newer boards,etc. Kindly provide relevant sources and perhaps even project pages and other relevant links.

Commit message:

Added contributors and minor changes

README.md, after:

# VeroRoute-Custom-Components (This README is currently under update)
A library for cusotm boards and components for veroroute. This is a repo for compnents used by makers hobbyists,etc for quick prototyping, etc. Most of the  stuff here is made by me for personal projects.

Files and software for Veroroute are [HERE](https://sourceforge.net/projects/veroroute/)

## Components Above and below the perfboard:
When space is an issue, one may want to design a board with compoents below the perfboard. Some components have been added for the same. However, routing and component placement, within the board's footprint must be done at one's own common sense.

Example: The ESP32 cam could be used over or under the perfboard
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/ESP32%20CAM/ESP32%20CAM%20Vrt%20Preview.PNG" width ="400">
</p>

## Currently Avialable Modules

|            Boards           | Physical Part | VeroRoute Component    | Pinout  | Comments | Purchase Link |
|:---------------------------:|---------------|------------------------|---------|----------|---------------|
| Arduino Nano                | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/Arduino%20Nano/Arduino%20Nano%20Image.png" width="200"> | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/Arduino%20Nano/Arduino%20Nano%20Vrt%20Preview.PNG" width=200> | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/Arduino%20Nano/Arduino%20Nano%20Pinout.png" width="200"> | No Comments | LINK |
| ESP32 CAM Module | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/ESP32%20CAM/ESP32%20CAM%20Image.png" width="200"> | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/ESP32%20CAM/ESP32%20CAM%20Vrt%20Preview.PNG" width=200> | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/ESP32%20CAM/ESP32%20CAM%20Pinout.png" width="200"> | No Comments| LINK |
| ESP32 NodeMCU (38-Pin version) | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/ESP32%20NodeMCU/ESP32%20NodeMCU%20Image.png" width="200"> | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/ESP32%20NodeMCU/ESP32%20NodeMCU%20Vrt%20Preview.PNG" width="200"> | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/ESP32%20NodeMCU/ESP32%20NodeMCU%20Pinout.png" width="200"> | No Comments | LINK |
| TP4560 battery charger module | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/TP4560%20BMS/TP4560%20Image.png" width="200"> | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/TP4560%20BMS/TP4560%20VRT%20Preview.PNG" width="200"> | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/TP4560%20BMS/TP4560%20general%20usage.png" width="200"> |No Comments | LINK |
|OV7670 Camera Module| <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/OV7670%20Camera/OV7670%20Camera%20Image.png" width="200"> | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/OV7670%20Camera/OV7670%20Camera%20Vrt%20Preview.PNG" width="200"> | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/OV7670%20Camera/OV7670%20Camera%20Pinout.png" width="200"> | No Comments | LINK |
| HC-05 Bluetooth Module | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/HC-05%20Bluetooth%20Module/HC-05%20BT%20Module%20Image.png" width="200"> | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/HC-05%20Bluetooth%20Module/HC-05%20BT%20Module%20Vrt%20Preview.PNG" width="200"> | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/HC-05%20Bluetooth%20Module/HC-05%20BT%20Module%20Pinout.png" width="200"> | No Comments | LINK |
| BMP-180 (GY-68) | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/BMP-180%20GY-68/BMP-180%20GY-68%20Image.png" width="200"> | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/BMP-180%20GY-68/BMP-180%20GY-68%20Vrt%20Preview.PNG" width="200"> | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/BMP-180%20GY-68/BMP-180%20GY-68%20Pinout.jpg" width="200"> | No Comments | LINK |
| MPU 6050 | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/MPU%206050/MPU%206050%20Image.png" width="200"> | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/MPU%206050/MPU%206050%20Vrt%20Preview.PNG" width="200"> | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/MPU%206050/MPU%206050%20Pinout.png" width="200"> | No Comments | LINK |
| MPU 9250 | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/MPU%209250/MPU%209250%20Image.png" width="200"> | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/MPU%209250/MPU%209250%20Vrt%20Preview.PNG" width="200"> | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/MPU%209250/MPU%209250%20Pinout.jpg" width="200"> | No Comments | LINK |
| Neo 6M GPS Module | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/Neo%206M%20GPS%20Module/Neo%206m%20GPS%20Module%20Image.png" width="200"> | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/Neo%206M%20GPS%20Module/Neo%206m%20GPS%20Module%20Vrt%20Preview.PNG" width="200"> | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/Neo%206M%20GPS%20Module/Neo%206m%20GPS%20Module%20Pinout.png" width="200"> | No Comments | LINK |

<!--  <img src="" width="200">  -->


## Currently Avialable Components

|      Components      | Physical Part | VeroRoute Component    | Comments | Purchase Link |
|:--------------------:|---------------|------------------------|----------|---------------|
| JST Connector       | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/2%20Pin%20JST%20Connector/2%20Pin%20JST%20Connector%20Image.png" width="200"> | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/2%20Pin%20JST%20Connector/2%20Pin%20JST%20Connector%20Vrt%20Preview.PNG" width=200> | No Comments | LINK |
| Dual SPDT Switch | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/Dual%20SPDT%20self-locking%20switch/Dual%20SPDT%20switch%20Image.PNG" width="200"> | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/Dual%20SPDT%20self-locking%20switch/Dual%20SPDT%20switch%20Vrt%20Preview.PNG" width=200> | No Comments | LINK |
| 9V Battery footprint | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/9V%20Battery/9V%20Battery%20Image.png" width="200"> | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/9V%20Battery/9V%20Battery%20Vrt%20Preview.PNG" width="200"> | No Comments | LINK |
| Voltmeter-Ammeter | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/Voltmeter-Ammeter/Voltmeter-Ammerter%20Image.png" width="200"> | <img src="https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j/VeroRoute-Custom-Components/blob/main/Voltmeter-Ammeter/Voltmeter-Ammerter%20Vrt%20Preview.PNG" width="200"> | No Comments | LINK |

## Contributing

Create pull requests and issues for better and newer boards,etc. Kindly provide relevant sources and perhaps even project pages and other relevant links.  

## Contributors

| Name | About |
|:----:|--------|
| rkj  | [rohit-kumar-j](https://github.com/rohit-kumar-j)  |
